Introductory
It was very nice to see He today.
Conclusion
It was my pleasure to work with you today. 5 super stars! See you again soon! -From Teacher Deborah. I am looking forward to our next class together. Enjoy the school holiday! Please review the notes on the text box in the lesson video for specific words and grammar to review. Overall a great job--5 happy stars today!
Assessment
He did very well on this assessment. He was able to complete each task of the assessment independently. He chose the correct word on the assessment tasks. Congratulations on a job well done!
UpperLevel
He read all of the paragraphs very well. He read fluidly. He is speaking well with correct pronunciation. He is well able to read long and difficult words. I see lots of progress in confidence. He has excellent thinking skills. The words in this lesson have many syllables and are hard to say-well done. He answered lots of questions.He could practice saying more full sentences.He is a great learner. The handwriting is excellent! He listens well. He listens well. He pays close attention. He is an active learner. He seems engaged in the lesson. He seems happy to learn English. He seems quick to learn new words. He is an enthusiastic student. He is hard working in class. He is progressing well in his learning of English. He is a favorite student of mine. He is an exciting student to teach. He is cooperative in learning. He circles the answers well. 
PreVip
He listens well. He pays close attention. He is an active learner. He seems engaged in the lesson. He seems happy to learn English. He seems quick to learn new words. He is an enthusiastic student. He is hard working in class. He is progressing well in his learning of English. He is a favorite student of mine. He is an exciting student to teach. He is cooperative in learning. He is a cute student. He sings the songs. He is a very active learner. Pronunciation is improving. He is repeating well. He follows the teacher well. He sings along with all of the songs. He uses the mouse well. He is improving the use of the mouse. His attention to class is great. His speaking is great. He says numbers so well. He understands big and small letters. He can say the alphabet very well.
NonReader
He listens well. He pays close attention. He is an active learner. He seems engaged in the lesson. He seems happy to learn English. He seems quick to learn new words. He is an enthusiastic student. He is hard working in class. He is progressing well in his learning of English. He is a favorite student of mine. He is an exciting student to teach. He is cooperative in learning. He circles the answers well. He writes letters well. He has good handwriting. He is a clever student. He is learning to read. He is quick to learn new vocabulary. He is learning to use full sentences. He could practice using full sentences. He could practice putting 'a' 'an' 'the' in front of nouns. He can practice answering questions. He can circle the first letters of vocabulary words to help with reading.  Pronunciation is improving.
Reader
He listens well. He pays close attention. He is an active learner. He seems engaged in the lesson. He seems happy to learn English. He seems quick to learn new words. He is an enthusiastic student. He is hard working in class. He is progressing well in his learning of English. He is a favorite student of mine. He is an exciting student to teach. He is cooperative in learning. He is reading well. I see progress in his reading. He can practice reading aloud at home. He can practice reading short stories. He can use the workbooks to practice reading. I see improvement in confidence. I see improvement in speaking. I see improvement in reading. I see improvement in saying full sentences. He can read short words easily. Pronunciation is improving.
